Pretend to put it on yours.
He left you get out don't make me say it a second time
Otherwise
The Tianxuan Mystery Group will make you unable to eat and walk around
Husband, do you really want to keep my sister?
The dog that was agreed to be given to the big man
I'm the only one.
50 are you crazy?
What are you talking about?
Find Me
Ah!
I said I wouldn't eat salt if I gave you a chance.
Wow, this big shot is the richest man in Los Angeles
I specially taught it.
Then he must be treated like a king
Tell me what gift I have prepared for the big shot
Sister
Do you think marrying a beast is marrying into a wealthy family?
Wait until I get this big shot
You don't even want to give me money
I would like to be a great man's dog
Hate to worry
Shameless
Don't be so shameless
How much is this thing worth?
Hey, you two sisters are big dogs together
As soon as he is happy
You Jiangxia have reached the sky in one step.
Then you will have the energy to take care of this fool, won't you?
Let's talk about my arrangement for you
I come from a scholarly family
Mainly an elegant
I give a blow show to the big shots
Rise with the old
Hahaha, not bad, not bad.
Scholarly family literati slut
Big shots must like this almost thing
I have money. My family has money.
My stuff has arrived.
Miss, the money has arrived.
Throw money to make way for big people's money